Merge V2 into main (#15)
obiwac/sinfbot: README.md

# SinfBot

> This repository contains the source code of SinfBot, the Discord bot of the "Sciences informatique" server (which you can join by clicking [here](https://discord.gg/GGqdFYgCn8))

Reviewer: informatique pas avec s?

Reviewer: aussi peut-être mieux:

```suggestion
This repository contains the source code of SinfBot, the Discord bot of the "Sciences informatiques" server (which you can join here: <https://discord.gg/GGqdFYgCn8>)
```
